<div><h1>User Manual</h1><h2>Rules for workflows and tasks</h2>A workflow definition or a managed task has to obey the following rules.<ul><li>A workflow name should be a valid obsidian tag name, since it will be a part of another tag.</li><li> A workflow must has at least one step</li><li>Empty names are not allowed for either workflows or tasks.</li><li>If multiple workflows have the same name, the latter one will override the previous one.</li><li>Tasks can have the same name.</li><li>If a task has multiple workflows, only the first workflow is recognized.</li><li> The task should occupy only one line. This means a task should not have trailing texts in the next line, or having indentation after a non-list item.</li></ul>You need to put your cursor at a valid task to for the command <i>To Manage Page</i> work.<h2>Task Completion</h2>In Obsidian, you may have various symbol to put into the checkbox, such as <label class="cm-inline-code" spellcheck="false">*, /, -, x</label>, etc. Any status will be recognized as completion in Tag Project. The behaviour in Manage Page for each workflow is different. We call the task in the markdown page as <i>main task</i>, and the steps defined in the workflow as <i>steps</i>.<p><b>Checkbox workflow</b>: When all the steps defined are completed.</p><ul><li><div style="font-weight: bold;">Main Task: Unticked. Steps: Partially or fully unticked.</div>Ticking the main task in Manage Page causes all the steps to be ticked, and tags will be automatically added to markdown.</li><li><div style="font-weight: bold;">Main Task: Unticked. Steps: Partially or fully unticked.</div>Ticking any step will add the according tag to markdown, and if all the steps are ticked, the main task will be ticked.</li><li><div style="font-weight: bold;">Main Task: Unticked. Steps: Fully ticked.</div>Opening Manage Page will tick the main task. This happens if you untick the main task in markdown.</li><li><div style="font-weight: bold;">Main Task: Ticked. Steps: Partially or fully unticked.</div>Opening Manage Page will tick all the steps. This happens if you tick the main task in markdown.</li><li><div style="font-weight: bold;">Main Task: Ticked. Steps: Fully ticked.</div>Unticking the main task in Manage Page will cause all the steps to be unticked.</li><li><div style="font-weight: bold;">Main Task: Ticked. Steps: Fully ticked.</div>Unticking any step in Manage Page will cause the main task to be unticked.</li></ul><b>Chain workflow</b>: When the last step defined is completed.<ul><li><div style="font-weight: bold;">Main Task: Unticked. Steps: Any step but the last ticked.</div>Ticking the main task in Manage Page causes all but the steps to be unticked, and the last one ticked. Tags will be automatically added or removed in markdown.</li><li><div style="font-weight: bold;">Main Task: Unticked. Steps: Partially or fully unticked.</div>Ticking any step removes other steps and keeps only the ticked one. If the last is ticked, the main task will be ticked.</li><li><div style="font-weight: bold;">Main Task: Unticked. Steps: Last step ticked.</div>Opening Manage Page will tick the main task. This happens if you untick the main task in markdown.</li><li><div style="font-weight: bold;">Main Task: Ticked. Steps: Any step but the last ticked.</div>Opening Manage Page will untick all but the last step. This happens if you tick the main task in markdown.</li><li><div style="font-weight: bold;">Main Task: Ticked. Steps: Last step ticked.</div>Unticking the main task in Manage Page will cause all the steps to be unticked.</li><li><div style="font-weight: bold;">Main Task: Ticked. Steps: Last step ticked.</div>Ticking any unticked step in Manage Page will cause the main task to be unticked.</li><li><div style="font-weight: bold;">Main Task: Ticked or Unticked. Steps: Multiple steps ticked.</div>Opening Manage Page will keep only the last tag in markdown. This happens if you add a step tag in markdown but do not remove the others. This means adding a step tag overrides the previous step no matter the relationship in the chain between the step tags.</li></ul></div>